add testing tutorial for web apps (#1604)
denoland/docs: examples/tutorials/web_testing.md

    assertEquals(app.children.length, 1);
    assertEquals(app.firstElementChild?.tagName.toLowerCase(), "header");
  });

  await t.step("responding to user input", () => {
    const app = container.querySelector("#app");
    assertExists(app);

    const button = doc.createElement("button");
    button.textContent = "Click me";
    button.id = "test-button";
    app.appendChild(button);

    let clickCount = 0;
    button.addEventListener("click", () => clickCount++);

    button.dispatchEvent(new Event("click"));
    button.dispatchEvent(new Event("click"));

    assertEquals(clickCount, 2);
  });

  await t.step("removing content", () => {
    const app = container.querySelector("#app");
    assertExists(app);

    const header = app.querySelector("header");
    assertExists(header);

    header.remove();
    assertEquals(app.children.length, 1); // Only the button should remain
  });
});
```

## Best Practices for Web Testing in Deno

1. Maintain isolation - Each test should be self-contained and not depend on
   other tests.

2. Use names to show intent - descriptive names for tests make it clear what is
   being tested and give more readable output in the console

> 3. Clean up after your tests -remove any DOM elements created during tests to

Reviewer: lil' typo

```suggestion
3. Clean up after your tests - remove any DOM elements created during tests to
```

   prevent test pollution.

4. Mock external services (such as APIs) to make tests faster and more reliable.

5. Organize tests into logical steps using `t.step()` for complex components.

## Running Your Tests

Execute your tests with the Deno test command:

```bash
deno test
```

For web tests, you might need additional permissions:

```bash
deno test --allow-net --allow-read --allow-env
```

> 🦕 Byfollowing the patterns in this tutorial, you can write comprehensive tests

Reviewer: lil' typo

```suggestion
🦕 By following the patterns in this tutorial, you can write comprehensive tests
```
